Fix `scp.put()` args order in the documentation snippet (#659)
ansible/pylibssh: docs/changelog-fragments/646.doc.rst

> Fix scp.put() usage in documentation sample -- by :user:`kucharskim`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the argument order in the ``scp.put()`` usage example
-- by :user:`kucharskim`.
```
